Lu Shuang, how dare you do it here?
If you dare to delay this auction
I can't afford to lose my life
The poorer you are, the more restless you are
So violent
Hey, if I smash everything in here
But Zhou Xiong didn't dare to let me pay a penny
Who is ugly? It's just goods.
Daimyo
What are you?
Dare to call my dad by his first name in this tone
This guy was a pauper last week
I don't know how to get confused
Hmph, it turned out to be a poor and crazy poor ghost
Dare to make trouble here
Is that so?
As long as you kneel down and give all divisions three ways
Hahaha, I can consider letting you go.
Otherwise
Kneel down
You kneel down and apologize to me right now
Maybe when Zhou Xiong comes later
I can forgive you.